Improve handling empty segments in urls according to RFC3986 (#1026)
aio-libs/yarl: CHANGES/1026.doc.rst

> The pre-existing :meth:`/ <yarl.URL.__truediv__>` magic method

Reviewer: Just realized that it's not obvious when it's only one char `/` that is clickable:
```suggestion
The pre-existing :meth:`/ magic method <yarl.URL.__truediv__>`
```

> Add documentation for :meth:`/ <yarl.URL.__truediv__>`
> 
> -- by :user:`commonism`

Reviewer: This shouldn't be in imperative mood since it's not a commit message, nor is it a TODO list item. Also, there should be a trailing period. And since it's just one sentence, it's probably not worth separating the byline so much:
```suggestion
The pre-existing :meth:`/ <yarl.URL.__truediv__>` magic method
has been documented in the API reference -- by :user:`commonism`.
```
